When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

When you are working on a project you want others to view or collaborate on, or when you want others to be able to use your project.


Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

In order to control what commmits you want to have in you local repository.


Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

Forks create a copy of the repository from GitHub to GitHub.
Clones create a copy of the repository from GitHub or your local machine to your local machine.
Branches allow you to create an independent line of development.


What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

You can use the last copy of the state to check against the state of the remote and see what differences have arisen since the last pull.


How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

I would have to use a shared document using google docs where each person would then use a different font to make changes and leave comments.

It will be easier to pick up with low overheads compared to using git syntax.
It will be harder to manage and track the history, and would also be more difficult to fork or clone a document and later merge the changes without considerable manual work.


When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

When you are working on a new feature or experimental addition which you don't want it to be part of the main code base you can use branches.
This will allow you to make changes without worrying about changing your master.
The advantages of working in master is you can pull changes directly from remote without having to go through a complicated workflow when going through branches. 